Backing up from one cluster and restoring to another (#59740)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/advanced-topics.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster_{context}"]
= Backing up data from one cluster and restoring it to another cluster

> In general, you back up data from one {product-title} cluster and restore it on another {product-title} cluster in the same way you back up and restore data to the same cluster. However, there are some additional prerequisites and differences in procedure when you back up data from one {product-title} cluster and restore it on another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, you back up data from one {product-title} cluster and restore it on another {product-title} cluster in the same way that you back up and restore data to the same cluster. However, there are some additional prerequisites and differences in the procedure when backing up data from one {product-title} cluster and restoring it on another.
```

.Prerequisites

> * All relevant prerequisites for backing up and restoring on your platform (AWS, Nicrosoft Azure, etc.) described in the relevant section of this guide, especially for the Data Protection Application (DPA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All relevant prerequisites for backing up and restoring on your platform (for example, AWS, Microsoft Azure, GCP, and so on) are described in the relevant sections of this guide, especially for the Data Protection Application (DPA).
```

I'm a little confused about this part: especially for the Data Protection Application (DPA)

Could we maybe say...

```suggestion
* All relevant prerequisites for backing up and restoring on your platform (for example, AWS, Microsoft Azure, GCP, and so on) are described in the relevant sections of this guide. Additional information is also available for the Data Protection Application (DPA).
```

and keep the same meaning?

Author: Note quite -- i hope my rewrite makes e sentence clearer.

> * All relevant prerequisites for backing up and restoring on your platform (AWS, Nicrosoft Azure, etc.) described in the relevant section of this guide, especially for the Data Protection Application (DPA).

Reviewer: I'm confused about this content. What are "The relevant section of this guide, especially for the Data Protection Application (DPA).? Is there missing content somewhere?

.Procedure

. Make the following additions to the procedures given for your platform:

** Ensure that the backup store location (BSL) and volume snapshot location have the same names and paths to restore resources to another cluster.
** Share the same object storage location credentials across the clusters.
** If you use the Velero `file-system-backup` option, enable the `--default-volumes-to-fs-backup` flag for use during backup by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ velero backup create <backup_name> --default-volumes-to-fs-backup <any_other_options>
----

> ** For best results, use OADP to create the namespace on the destination cluster.

Author: @kaovilai @PrasadJoshi12 @shubham-pampattiwar 
Please check lines 22-27 of this file (oadp-backing-and-restoring-from-cluster-to-cluster.adoc).

Reviewer 2: lgtm !

.Prerequisites

* All relevant prerequisites for backing up and restoring on your platform (for example, AWS, Microsoft Azure, GCP, and so on), especially the prerequisites for for the Data Protection Application (DPA), are described in the relevant sections of this guide.

.Procedure

* Make the following additions to the procedures given for your platform:

** Ensure that the backup store location (BSL) and volume snapshot location have the same names and paths to restore resources to another cluster.
** Share the same object storage location credentials across the clusters.
** For best results, use OADP to create the namespace on the destination cluster.
** If you use the Velero `file-system-backup` option, enable the `--default-volumes-to-fs-backup` flag for use during backup by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ velero backup create <backup_name> --default-volumes-to-fs-backup <any_other_options>
----

[NOTE]
====
In OADP 1.2 and later, the Velero Restic option is called `file-system-backup`.

> ====

Reviewer 3: same comment here
